1.	How does Python handle memory management?
2.	What are Python namespaces?
3.	Explain the concept of scope with LEGB (Local, Enclosing, Global, Built-in).
4.	What is recursion? Give an example.
5.	Explain shallow copy vs deep copy with examples.
6.	What are Python modules and how do you import them?
7.	How do you create a package in Python?
8.	What happens if two functions have the same name?
9.	What are Python’s special methods (dunder methods)?
10.	Explain how __str__ and __repr__ differ.
11.	How do you define private vs public attributes in a class?
12.	What is operator overloading in Python?
13.	Explain Python’s dynamic typing.
14.	How does Python’s garbage collector handle circular references?
15.	What’s the difference between id() and hash()?

1. Probably garbage collection similar to other programming languages?

2. Python namespaces are grouped set of related functionalities accessed through a common name  

3. Local. --> Local to the scope (method or class) , Global. --> available across teh module , No clue on Enclosing and Built-in

4. A recursion is a program calling itself until a condition is met (example lets say you can divide a number by 2 and you have to get to a numer that is close to 0 you will have to take number divided by 2 take the new numer divide by 2 and so on until it is closed to 0 and recursive function do this until it arrives at desired values)

5. there are methods for copy and deepycopy from copy module. Copy will do a shallow copy (only values probably) and deepycopy will copy values and a reference to original object

6. pyton modules are set of classes and functions enclosed under one namesapce and exposed to be used for re utilizaiont ex : Import math as m 

7. <Not sure<

8. If two functions have same name the second method overwrites what is written in ffirt method

9. <Never heard of them>

10. <No Idea>

11. by using access modifies public and private on class elements (variables/methods etc)

12. operator overloading is a concept of an operator behaving or accomodating for multiple scenaros example  + can be used to add two numbers and can also be used for concetination of two strings

13. when declaring variables in python we dont need to explicity mention the type and the type is typically infered from the assigned values

14. <No clue>

15.  <no clue>
